index.md, before:

---
layout: default 
permalink: /
---

![](/assets/profile.png)My name is Rafael Henrique Tibães, born in 1990. I am a **Software Developer** with experience in **Computer Vision**, **Data Science** and **High Performance Computing**. My favourite field of study is video processing, specifically motion analysis problems, such as behavioural and action recognition; scene understanding; optical flow; object detection, recognition and tracking. Now I am working with affective computing & biometrics, i.e. face analysis and expressions, fingerprint, iris and signature. I am also interested in drones, 3d printers, robotics, embedded computing and psychology.

• [Akiyama](http://www.akiyama.com.br)
• [IMAGO](http://www.imago.ufpr.br)
• [Blog](http://wp.fael.nl)
• [Cloud](http://rand.fael.nl)
• [Instagram](http://insta.fael.nl)
• [53Mixes](http://mix.fael.nl)
• [GitHub](http://git.fael.nl)
• [BitBucket](http://bb.fael.nl)
• [Twitter](http://tt.fael.nl)
• [Facebook](http://fb.fael.nl)
• [LinkedIn](http://in.fael.nl)
• [Google+](http://gg.fael.nl)
• [Lattes](http://lattes.fael.nl)
• [ResearchGate](http://rg.fael.nl) •

Commit message:

update index and add contacd with akiyama address

index.md, after:

---
layout: default 
permalink: /
---

![](/assets/profile.png)My name is Rafael Henrique Tibães, born in 1990. I graduated in Computer Science at [Federal University of Parana](www.inf.ufpr.br). Nowdays, I am MSc student in the same university, and a software developer at [Akiyama](www.akiyama.com.br).  My favourite field of study is video processing, specifically motion analysis problems, such as behavioural and action recognition; scene understanding; optical flow; object detection, recognition and tracking. Now I am working with affective computing & biometrics, i.e. face analysis and expressions, fingerprint, iris and signature. I am also interested in drones, 3d printers, robotics, embedded computing and psychology.

• [Akiyama](http://www.akiyama.com.br)
• [IMAGO](http://www.imago.ufpr.br)
• [Blog](http://wp.fael.nl)
• [Cloud](http://rand.fael.nl)
• [Instagram](http://insta.fael.nl)
• [53Mixes](http://mix.fael.nl)
• [GitHub](http://git.fael.nl)
• [BitBucket](http://bb.fael.nl)
• [Twitter](http://tt.fael.nl)
• [Facebook](http://fb.fael.nl)
• [LinkedIn](http://in.fael.nl)
• [Google+](http://gg.fael.nl)
• [Lattes](http://lattes.fael.nl)
• [ResearchGate](http://rg.fael.nl) •
