---
layout: post
title: Udacity
date: 2015-03-10 15:13:37
categories: life
comments: true
---

Informatics is one of the fields that enforces you to keep updated. Online courses come in handy to get knowledge of new technologies, and also provide the opportunity to learn things that you probably would never take a formal class. I am taking online courses in [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/) and [iTunes U](https://www.apple.com/itunes/).  These are helpful platforms for whom wants to learn from simple to advanced subjects in the comfort of home and in your own schedule.

Udacity is a relatively new platform with focus on technology. Their classes are completely designed for online delivery. Each lesson is segmented in short videos of few minutes, so you can watch them based on your own schedule. Udacity courses are made by high qualified professors or industry professionals, such as Stanford, Georgia Tech, Google, and Twitter.

The iTunes U classes are recorded in real classes. So you can access classes from prestigious universities and learn the same content as their students. Despite not having the same delivery model of the Udacity platform, iTunes U plays an important role in remote learning, for it is an maturer platform with a lot of content from different fields and provided by a range of excellent universities.

Here I will keep track of my online courses. If you know another good platform for online learning, feel free to share in the comments. +

# Classes I already concluded (186 hours)
* iTunes U: Stanford iOS 5 - Fall 2011 (30 hours)
* Udacity: Intro to Parallel Programming (60 hours)
* Udacity: Machine Learning (96 hours)

# Classes I am taking
* Udacity: Intro to Data Science (48 hours)
* Udacity: Intro to Machine Learning (60 hours)
* Udacity: Intro to iOS App Development with Swift (24 hours)
* Udacity: Programming foundations with Python (36 hours)
